Can you afford to get dirty?
I didn't mean to
Oh, hey, you're still here to show me the score of the eldest lady
You are no longer the high-ranking Miss Fang family
This wedding dress has been soiled by you and can't be sold.
Pay me 800,000 now
Isn't that 800,000?
When my Fang family makes a comeback, I will return it to you tenfold.
Pay for your life?
Who doesn't know that your family owes hundreds of millions in foreign debt?
Not in a few lifetimes
Thirty Years Hedong Thirty Years Hexi
Don't bully the boy
You didn't see any guests here
Who are you? Do you have your say here?
A sour taste of the poor, go away
poor
Look at what you're wearing up and down are all street stalls
What are you if you are not poor?
I will take this wedding dress.
Don't pretend to be a good person in front of me
I don't need your help.
You think too much
I'm happy to go shopping
I would stop this store from hitting a dog
Yo, isn't this Fang Lin?
Why haven't you seen it for a few days and been reduced to a part-time worker?
It is best for King Liu Shao to come
You Shiyuan welcomes you